Resteeming or Reblogging on Steemit

If you are familiar with sharing on facebook, retweeting on twitter, its the same here too.

There sure are some popular terms to take note of on steemit and one of such is the term resteeming or as others will call it, reblogging.
You may be new to the concept but you will understand it with time and its importance.

What It Means to Reblog or ReSteem
A "resteem" is in very simply terms, a repost of another steemit user's blog post on your own profile for it to be shown to your own followers. 
This process of resteeming helps make the steem community better and allows people the opportunity to spread discussions easier.

How do I Resteem a post i like
Resteeming from the explanation so far is very easy. All you have to do is go to the desired post you want to resteem, and you will 
see a return sign click it and you will be taken to a page that asks if you are sure to resteem the post and if you click OK, you have resteemed the post.


If you write about something really great and a big influencer decides to resteem the post, their followers will see your 
post and they may end up resteeming and upvoting your posts which will give you more payout too. Most importantly
It's really the best way to get word out about anything worth sharing and the building engagement.

Do i earn when posts i resteemed payout?
No, you don't.

Benefits of Resteeming?
When you resteem a post, you are giving the post more visibility. 

You're also introducing valuable information and suggesting new people to follow on steemit, to your own followers. 
Resteeming is what spreads good information fast and makes things go viral.

When Should I Resteem?
There are no set rules about when to resteem, but in general, you should resteem when anything particularly interesting 
or noteworthy that other people (your followers) would benefit from seeing as well. 

What does the resteem app do
it resteems post on Steemit, 

Is the resteem app automatic
Yes. It allows you to Resteem Steemit Posts of Selected users automatically. 

Remember that resteeming is all about having fun, being social, and sharing stuff worth sharing. Try it and see how it works for you!
